Add docs getting started use a sparse model page (#84)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/use-a-sparse-model.mdx

metaDescription: "Use a Sparse Model with the DeepSparse Engine to deploy for faster and cheaper inference on CPUs"
githubURL: "https://github.com/neuralmagic/docs/blob/main/src/content/get-started/use-a-sparse-model.mdx"
index: 2000
---

# Use a Sparse Model

[Sparsification techniques](../../user-guide/sparsification) enable the removal of redundant information from over-parameterized neural networks while retaining the original accuracy.
These sparsified models are smaller and can be deployed for cheaper and faster inferences.
The [DeepSparse Engine](../../products/deepsparse), specifically, leverages the sparsified models to reduce compute and accelerate CPU inference to GPU performance levels.

The process of sparsifying models involves new concepts and adjustments to models and pipelines that may take some time to set up.
For this reason and more, the [SparseZoo](../../products/sparsezoo) contains pre-sparsified models that are ready for testing and deployment in addition to the [sparsification recipes](../../user-guide/recipes) used to create them.

**SparseZoo stubs** enable you to reference any model on the SparseZoo in a convenient and identifiable way.

> SparseZoo stubs are found throughout the documentation for the DeepSparse Platform in addition to the model pages on the [SparseZoo Website](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SparseZoo stubs are found throughout the documentation for the DeepSparse Platform in addition to the model pages on the [SparseZoo Website](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com).
```
```suggestion
SparseZoo stubs are found throughout the documentation for the DeepSparse Platform in addition to the model pages on the [SparseZoo Website](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com)
```

---
title: "Use a Sparse Model"
metaTitle: "Use a Sparse Model"

> metaDescription: "Use a Sparse Model with DeepSparse to deploy for faster and cheaper inference on CPUs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: "Use a Sparse Model with DeepSparse Engine to deploy for faster and cheaper inference on CPUs"
```

githubURL: ""
index: 2000
---

# Use a Sparse Model

The DeepSparse Engine takes advantage of sparsity within neural networks to reduce compute as well as accelerate memory-bound workloads, leveraging sparsification
methods such as [pruning](https://neuralmagic.com/blog/pruning-overview/) and [quantization](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.07061).
These techniques result in significantly more performant and smaller models with limited to no effect on the baseline metrics.

You can skip the process of training your own model by searching for a pre-sparsified model for your task on [SparseZoo](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/). The SparseZoo stubs enable you to reference any model on the SparseZoo in a convenient and predictable way. All of the framework weights, recipes, and ONNX files ready for inference are available for use.

## Benchmark

After executing `pip install deepsparse`, the benchmark tool `deepsparse.benchmark` will be available on your command-line interface.

With this command you can easily compare the performance between any ONNX or SparseZoo models.

#### Sentiment Analysis with DistilBERT

> Here we'll be showing the performance gain on a DistilBERT trained on the SST2 dataset, going from dense to sparse to sparse quantized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's the performance gain on a DistilBERT trained on the SST2 dataset, going from dense to sparse to sparse quantized:
```

```
> deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/distilbert-none/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/base-none
Batch Size: 1
Scenario: multistream
Throughput (items/sec): 30.4652
Latency Mean (ms/batch): 65.6297
Latency Median (ms/batch): 65.5720
Latency Std (ms/batch): 2.0056
Iterations: 306
```

```
> deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/distilbert-none/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90B
atch Size: 1
Scenario: multistream
Throughput (items/sec): 129.9941
Latency Mean (ms/batch): 15.3544
Latency Median (ms/batch): 15.3251
Latency Std (ms/batch): 0.5403
Iterations: 1301-none
```

```
> deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/distilbert-none/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned80_quant-none-vnni
Batch Size: 1
Scenario: multistream
Throughput (items/sec): 203.2273
Latency Mean (ms/batch): 9.8183
Latency Median (ms/batch): 9.7477
Latency Std (ms/batch): 0.4578
Iterations: 2034
```

#### Object Detection with YOLOv5

> Here we'll be showing the performance gain on a YOLOv5s trained on the COCO dataset, going from dense to sparse to sparse quantized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's the performance gain on a YOLOv5s trained on the COCO dataset, going from dense to sparse to sparse quantized:
```
